hello recipe friends today we're going to
prepare a homemade neighborhood sauce
special to accompany with meats
ingredients a well of water
and half panela
salt and pepper to taste
250 grams of tomato sauce
half a long onion stalk and a tooth
large garlic macerated onion
finely chopped and a laurel leaf
let's boil the water with the
panela to high heat here we have the
boiling panela let's reduce the
fire for her to leave
caramelized here we have left more or
minus 15 minutes when this is
texture let's add the onion
garlic and laurel
the onions and we do not want to feel it like that
we can liquefy it
we mix it
and we leave it there another 5 minutes to
low fire since it is well caramelized
panela let's add the sauce
tomato
a little bit of salt
Pepper
let's mix well
and let's reduce let's try also
the taste to see if we need more to
the peppers and here is the sauce
barbecue of the desired consistency
let's remove it from the fire if we want
we can liquefy it so that it is not going to
get with no lumps here we have already
removed the vice sauce from
container in which we cook it and the
we let it rest in this new container